add batch prerequisites to docs (#118)
DMOJ/docs: docs/problem_format/problem_format.md

## Batched Cases
The batch will contain the keys `points` and `batched`. `batched` will map to a list of batched cases, where each case contains `in` and `out`.

> Optionally, the batch can contain a key `dependencies`. If specified, it should be a list of integers, indicating the one-indexed batch numbers that the batch depends on. This batch will only run if all of the dependent batches passed. The sample `init.yml` below is setup so the last batch only runs if the first two passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, the batch can contain a key `dependencies`. If specified, it should be a list of integers, indicating the one-indexed batch numbers that the batch depends on. This batch will only run if all of the dependent batches passed. The sample `init.yml` below is set up so the last batch only runs if the first two passed.
```
